during the beach with your life everyday
don't let anybody is stabbing yo hey
Mike foster here thank you for watching
my videos and live life 365 for years
and years do you know live life 365 has
helped thousands and thousands and
thousands of people change their life
for the better all done through my
self-help videos on my website on
YouTube and people reading my blog posts
all online but you know something
there's still millions and millions of
people out there that still have been
unable to watch my videos read my blog
post and listen to my music so what have
I done
Mike pastor wrote a book check it out
it's called live life 365 duh it's a
practical self-help guide to better
health nutrition weight loss motivation
personal growth and life it's 300 pages
of some of my best blog posts and a lot
of new information some of the good
stuff in here is about who is Mike
Foster when why you should listen to him
but also how I created live life 365
weight as they say on TV there's more
the first thousand will be signed
limited editions I'm gonna sign them
each one and there'll be a number from 1
to 1,000 but there's even more that's
right you're gonna get to live life 365
book filled with some of my best blog
posts and a lot of new things what kind
of posts stuff like this today I'm going
to show you how to eat an avocado not
like this
what I have in my hand is quinoa qu i
and away it's pronounced quinoa
modulate please
is your life interesting but not just
that I'm gonna also throw in 30 of my
best DVDs and five original songs that's
right
30 DVDs DVDs like
the moment is now right now
how to drink wine
I'm gonna show you how to lose ten
pounds in one month watch
pretty cool huh and five original songs
from I miss my hair miss my hair
you
to social networking blues
it was getting late I needed a break
from riding my latest blog and for the
first time introduced right now today my
newest song my newest music video drink
green tea every day check it out green
tea everything's gonna be okay it's the
way to a better life every day
so you have the live life 365 book you
have the DVDs of my best videos and you
have the original music so how much you
think something like this is worth well
it's worth well over 50 bucks but how
much do you think I'm gonna sell it to
you for not 50 bucks not for years not
$24.99 $24.99 plus shipping for again
live life 365 book signed first edition
of the first thousand limited edition 30
of my best videos and five original
songs this is my way of reaching more
people than just the internet millions
and millions millions live life 365
everyday every week self-help videos to
change your life for the better videos
original music blog posts ways for you
to learn how to lose weight eat
healthier and how to be motivated and
inspired to do anything that you've
always wanted to do to change the life
for the better you know I created live
life 365 a few years ago to share all my
experiences my programs all the things
that I learned through a half a century
of life of trial and error of learning
from my mistakes of changing my life for
the better losing 40 pounds in six
months learning how to deal with
different aspects of life
I created my website to share that with
millions of people
I created this book these DVDs and CDs
to share it with even more think about
someone that you love someone that needs
to change their life someone who doesn't
go online someone who would appreciate
an effort from you to help them change
their life for the better live like
three six five $24.99 plus shipping in
handy handling grab one of the buttons
wherever it is on this page and change
your life or someone you love life for
the better think about it okay until
next time
research spam
you